hi today we're going to be busy in Asia
captain paranoid right behind me Dad
let's go Ne see what they're all about
basic Cox is a not-for-profit community
space that's nice
wow this place is really cool let's
check it with the guy
skippity doo bop bah just working my
shift asa comes being cool as you oh
hello Don hi welcome to the ace of cups
I got a few questions about this place
what do you guys do here what are you
about well most of all were a community
space we just want to be a place for
people to hang out we also sell variety
of drinks we sell coffee smoothies tease
all sorts of stuff like that but mostly
a community space we also sell new and
used CDs and records tapes and stuff and
every month we've got events we got
karaoke we got game night we got kids
craft day and sometimes we got live rock
and roll music whoa there's a lot to
look good do you mind if I take a pic
and all the rooms and check out what you
guys got going on not at all in fact
there's someone waiting in every room oh
look grubs let's go see what they're
making today named what are you making
I'm making a little kitty do you see my
kitty butter unka craft day anyone can
come in and make anything they want
but I prefer my little kitty here but uh
sometimes there's a project that you're
supposed to do but usually you can make
anything but i keep my ghost orphan oh
yes yes they did yes oh good stuff
indeed it is
let's see what's next this is the dollar
den I wonder what they got for a dollar
oh oh it's tough cool hello welcome to
the dollar dad were everything's a
dollar everything's a dollar oh I might
have to give me something go for it oh
that's nice you have a really nice
collection it's dollar it's a dollar I
found myself a real bargain what do you
think yeah yeah let's go see what's next
look at all the games hey yeah welcome
to the game room you want to play block
dropper with me huh well we could play
another game we got a lot of games in
here so people can just go to plugins
yeah people come in all the time you got
kids games we got adults games
everything all right you ready no 120
this must be where the movies are out oh
sure is dark in here yeah shut the doors
right this is the community events room
where we show movies and sometimes we
have live bands play oh we're gonna bugs
blue oh we have punk bands and acoustic
bands and other sorts of bands but I
don't want to talk about it anymore
everyone rather talk about movies this
is a movie screen oh yeah good for the
big screen and here are some artwork
these are nurse
yeah this press really knows come on sit
down have a nice cup of joe enough watch
your movie they got it sit down read a
book girl taking oh no it's a pretty
cool place what's to do then we'll be
coming back again
set a wrap are we done here but what we
got enough what do you think oh ok
you